Add README files 1/7 (#5754)
TheAlgorithms/Python: arithmetic_analysis/README.md

# Arithmetic analysis

> It's a branch of mathematics that deal with solving linear equations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arithmetic analysis is a branch of mathematics that deals with solving linear equations.
```
Or should we call it numerical analysis?

Author: Now that you talk about it, I believe numerical analysis is better:

> Examples of numerical analysis include: ordinary differential equations as found in celestial mechanics, **numerical linear algebra** in data analysis, and stochastic differential equations and Markov chains for simulating living cells in medicine and biology.

Author: But then, we would have to change the name of the folder too
